- - - - - - - - -

Website/Announcement Specific (exampel questions best answered authoritatively and 'right now' via website data)

- - - - - - - - -


How do I contest this parking ticket?

Where can I find sand bags?

When is the next city event?

When is the next city block party?

How much does parking in downtown cost?

Where can I park without getting towed in downtown?

How can I create a special parking district in my neibhorhood?

How can I get a permit for outdoor dining?

What does it cost to get a permit for outdoor dining?

When is my street (Higuera) going to be street sweepered?

-*city faq seciton*-
Can I bring my bike on the bus?

Can I install my own traffic signs on my street? Paint artwork on the Street?

Can I paint the curb in front of my house red?

How are Speed Limits set in the City?

How does the City choose the location for an installation of a Traffic Signal?

How does the City determine installation of different colored curb?

How many people have to die before the City will fix my street/intersection?

I am having difficulty seeing the oncoming traffic at a particular intersection. How can the City help?

I cross an intersection without crosswalks. Can the City install a marked crosswalk or beacon flashers?

I live near a high school and the kids keep taking up all parking spaces in the neighborhood. What can be done about this?

Someone in our neighborhood has left a basketball hoop on the street creating parking restrictions. What can be done about this?

What can be done to slow down the speeding occurring on our street?

What is that weird (new) 3-headed signal?

What is the small bicycle symbol in the traffic lane at a signalized intersection?

What needs to occur for the City to allow a full closure of a street so we can eliminate all traffic in a neighborhood?

Where can I see what the City has planned for future roads or bicycle and pedestrian facilities in my neighborhood?

Why doesn’t the City install speed bumps to slow down the speeders?

Why doesn’t the City install Stop Signs to slow down the speeders?

Why doesn’t the City post the speed limit in my residential neighborhood?

Why doesn't the City install Children at Play Signs?

Will my bicycle be detected at a traffic signal?

Will the City paint the curb red in front of fire hydrants and mail boxes?
-*city faq seciton*-

-*city faq seciton*-
Why did the City Council adopt a shopping cart ordinance?

Is grant funding available to assist with security and containment of shopping carts?

Is there a penalty to shopping cart owners for non-compliance?

What do I need to do as a business owner to comply with the City's shopping cart ordinance?

What is the purpose of the City's shopping cart ordinance?

How do I report an abandoned shopping cart?
-*city faq seciton*-

-*city faq seciton*-
When does a tree in the City of San Luis Obispo require a Tree Removal Permit?

How much does it cost to submit a tree removal application?

Can anyone remove a tree in the City of San Luis Obispo?

Can a tree be removed without paying for a tree removal permit?

How is a tree measured to determine if it needs a Tree Removal Application?

What are "Street Trees" and who maintains them?

Can a property owner apply to have a Street Tree removed?

What qualifications are required by the City when hiring a tree care contractor to prune my private trees or the City Street Tree in front of my property?

What is Winter Weather Preparedness?

Where can I find more flood information?

Does the City have a map showing flood zones?

What is the schedule for creek and storm drain maintenance?

Who is responsible for creek maintenance?

How can I get information on creeks in general?

How can I find out what creek improvements are planned?

How can I find out more on preparing for the winter storms?
-*city faq seciton*-

-*city faq seciton*-
How do I know which bus to take and what time to take it?

What’s the difference between SLO Transit and RTA?

When does the trolley run?

Where can I buy a bus pass?

When do I need a transfer?

Can I buy a pass that works on both SLO Transit and RTA?

Lost and found – I left something on the bus, where can I find it?

Have you considered being a Bus Driver in your community?

What discounted fares does SLO Transit offer?

Is the bus accessible to passenger with disabilities?

What else do I need to know?

Can I bring my bike on the bus?

What is that weird (new) 3-headed signal?
-*city faq seciton*-

When is the city pool open for families?

How much does it cost to go to the city pool?

How do I report water abuse?

How do I report a water leak in a fire hydrant?

When should I call the mobile crisis unit vs. 911 or police non-emergency?

What is the city sales tax rate?



- - - - - - - - -

Project Specific

- - - - - - - - -

What is this paving project about at the intersection of Sydney and Johnson?

Where are road diets happening?

Whats happening to Sinsheimer park right now?

Why is the stretch of California closed down at Monterey?

Why is there a new building going up at Marsh/Nipomo?

How many stories will the new building at Marsh/Nipomo be?

When will the Bob Jones trail be extended all the way to Avila Beach?

Why is there a fence going up along the railroad safety bike trail?

What is the paving project at Johnson and Sydney about?

What is the city doing about fixing storm damage at the Nipomo St. bridge?

How can I oppose the new bikeway project on chorro?

How can I support the new bikeway project on chorro?

What are the proposed benefits of the palm-nipomo parking structure?

How much is the Prado overpass going to cost?

How many people are projected to live at San Luis Ranch?

Did the San Luis Ranch project end up with FEMA guaranteed insurance?

Tell me more about the San Luis Ranch project.
	(follow-up questions)
	Give me more detail



- - - - - - - - -

Meeting Specific

- - - - - - - - -


What happened at the city council meeting last night?

What did the tree committee talk about last week?

What did the ARC vote on last week?

What housing projects came up for the Planning Commission on 11/9/19?

What meeting did the Planning Commission last hear the Palm-Nipomo parking structure?

What did the ARB (administrative review board) talk about last week?

What does the ARB (adminstrative review board) do?

Who is currently on the Cultural Heritage Committee?

Summarize the city council debate on item 1B last night.

What did the planning commission decide in last months meeting about the new housing project at the intersection of Marsh and Nipomo?

What did the ARC (arch review commission) discuss and vote on last week? What were the outcomes?

	(follow-up questions)
	What was the staff recommendation on item 1C?
	What were citizen concerns about item 1C?
	How does the approval of item 1C fit with the city goals?

How many people opposed the parking structure decision at city council last night and what did they say?

Who has written in about the surface parking lot on higeura, how many people support or oppose, and what are each sides saying?

What were the staff recommendations on the palm nipomo parking structure on 11/9/19?


- - - - - - - - -

Statement Specific

- - - - - - - - -


What did the Mayor say about parking last night?

What was the City Manager's position on the Chorro bike lane at the City Council meeting last night?

What did opposing citizens say about the parking structure last night?

Why did the police chief oppose the new homelessness shelter?

What were the staff recommendations on the palm nipomo parking structure on 11/9/19?

Summarize the city council debate on item 1B last night.

Which city council member was the most supportive of the outlawing gas city-wide?

Which city council member was the most supportive of the new DEI grant?

Did the Mayor say the pledge of allegiance at the last city council meeting?

What was the most ridiculous thing a city council member said about the new zoning regulations the last time it was discussed?



- - - - - - - - -

Decision Specific

- - - - - - - - -

Why did the trees get cut down on 1166 Higuera?

What did citizens say about the trees getting cut down at 1166 Higeura?

Why did the parking lot at Higuera and Toro get approved?

Why did the parking structure at palm and nipomo getting approved?

How many times did the City Council hear the palm/nipomo parking structure project?

What did the planning commission decide about the palm-nipomo parking structure the last time they discussed it?



- - - - - - - - -

Document/Plan Specific

- - - - - - - - -


What does the citys parking plan say about the need for more parking structures in the downtown core?

What does the citys forest management plan say about creating more canopy cover in the downtown core to combat climate change?

What is the peak parking utilization of the Marsh st. parking garage?

What is the city's strategy for dealing with homelessness?

How many affordable housing units are currently in SLO?

How many affordable housing unites are planned for 2024?

How much funding is the city paying towards affordable housing initaitives?

What parking sites or structures are planned for upper Monterey?

When will the Broad street corridor be completed?

What is the maximum population growth we can have in the city?

What is the citie's planned water consumption per person in 2024?

How much water does the city of SLO have access to legally?

What is the cities plan for adapting to climate change by 2050?

What are the biggest housing projects that are planned through 2030?

How many people that live in the city need to bike everywhere for the city to meet its carbon neutral goals?

What is the city doing to become carbon neutral?

How does the city manage its trees?

What is the peak vehicle rate at Johnson and Monterey?

What is the plan for Buckley road and when will it get a bike lane?

Where can I find the General Plan?

Summarize the General Plan for me.

When was the General Plan last updated?

What city councl members approvaed the last General Plan update?

Where can I find the South Broad Street Area Plan?





- - - - - - - - -

Rules, Regulations, and Ordinances

- - - - - - - - -


What are the rules for curbs and curb colors in town?

How do I appeal a parking ticket?

What does R3 zoning mean? What kind of density is allowed in an R3 zone?

What does muncipal code 10.44.010 mean?

What are the commercial loading zone rules?

What day does street sweeping happen on Pismo Street and where should I NOT park?

I need to remove a tree from my front yard, how do I get a permit? How much will it cost?

As a property owner, what are my rights to have a tree removed from my property?

What are the rules for outdoor dining? How can I get a permit for my resturant?




- - - - - - - - -

Unclassified

- - - - - - - - -

When will we get a grocery store downtown?

If I rent an apartment downtown, where will I be able to park a car?

What's the average cost of rent downtown?

Whats the average loft size downtown?





- - - - - - - - -

